Translator: Rubik Cheng Reviewer: Amanda Chu
thank you all
When i was young
My parents often take me to camp in California
There are various places such as beach, forest or desert
Some people say there is no life in the desert
But my parents want me to observe these wild animals around:
Falcon, eagle or tortoise, etc.
Once we were camping
Found a baby scorpion showing its sting
I thought to myself now, it's so cool
Why is there such a cute but so dangerous thing?
After graduating from college, I moved to California
Start some environmental related activities
Participated in the rescue of the last redwood forest in the United States
And prevent the establishment of a storage area for radioactive waste in the desert
Shortly after turning 30
I decided to exhaust my life
To solve the problem of climate change
I'm worried about global warming
Will eventually destroy the various natural environments that people strive to protect
To solve this problem, I think it's technically very simple
Popularization of electric vehicles equipped with solar panels on all roofs, etc.
The biggest problem is in policy
So I assist the nation’s largest labor union and the largest environmental group to jointly organize an alliance
Our proposal is a $300 billion renewable energy investment plan
The idea is not just to prevent climate change
And in a fast-growing high-tech field
Create millions of jobs
In 2007, our efforts yielded results
The then presidential candidate Barack Obama accepted our vision
Between 2009 and 2015
U.S. invests $150 billion in clean energy technologies such as renewable energy
But at the beginning, we encountered some problems
First, the cost of electricity generated by rooftop solar panels is twice that of solar power plants
And solar and wind power plants
All need a large area of ​​land to install solar panels and fans
And build a huge power transmission system
To send electricity from the countryside to the city
These things are often affected by the local community
And the backlash of conservation biologists
They worry that wild birds and other animals will be persecuted
At that time, many people tried to solve this problem in terms of technology.
A big challenge is the intermittent nature of solar and wind power
They only generate electricity 10% to 30% of the year
But there are still some proposals
Like treating the dam as a huge battery
Meaning when the sun is out and when the wind is blowing
The motor will hit the water for storage
When you need electricity, the water is sent to the turbine generator set
When it comes to wildlife, it seems less worrying
Domestic cats kill billions of birds every year
Compared to only hundreds of thousands of birds died due to fans
I was thinking
In large-scale solar and wind power generation
Most of those problems can be solved with future advanced technology
But a few years have passed
These problems still exist and are getting worse
California is very committed to the development of renewable energy
But in the plan to transform the dam into a large battery
Not many completed
Some are just geographical issues
The dam must have qualified terrain to be transformed
Even if it meets the conditions
Still need a lot of money to achieve
Not to mention that there are other issues like the demand for water, such as irrigation
Perhaps the most serious problem is
California river and reservoir water
Because of climate change, it is more and more scarce and unstable
In order not to let stability affect the overall power generation system
We must stop the electricity generated by the solar power plant from being delivered to the city
Because there are so many now
Or spend money asking neighboring states like Arizona to consume our excess solar power
Otherwise, the power grid will be overloaded and unable to supply power
Speaking of birds and domestic cats
Cats don’t hurt eagles, but eagles kill cats
Cats kill small, common sparrows, crows, and robin
These birds are not likely to become extinct
Eagles and large birds
Like toothed eagles, owls and vultures and other threatened and endangered species
Are the birds killed by wind turbines
Wind turbines are one of the biggest threats to these large birds
Before setting up wind turbines in recent years
We have never put so many things on the sky
And when it comes to solar
Building a solar power plant is like building a farm
Large areas must be freed to remove wild animals
This is one of the largest solar power plants in California
Ivanpa Solar Power Plant
To build this power plant
They must clear the desert tortoise from the entire area
Directly drag desert tortoises and small tortoises out of their caves
Put it in a truck and transport it to captivity
Many died there
Recently it is estimated that about 6,000 birds are killed each year
They caught fire above the solar power plant
Fall to the ground
Over time, I gradually realized
Any technological development
It is impossible to let the sun shine steadily and let the wind blow continuously
You can only make solar panels cheaper
You can only make the fan bigger
And sunlight and wind are just so inefficient
And in order to produce enough electricity
You have to use a large area of ​​land
In other words, the main problems of renewable energy are not technical
Is in the natural environment
To deal with these unstable problems
And the huge impact of these environments
Obviously, there is a big economic cost
We have heard too much in recent years
News of solar panels and wind turbine prices falling
But all the unstable power generation systems should be integrated into the grid
The cost is still considerable
It can be seen from the situation in California
At a time when the prices of solar panels and wind turbines have fallen sharply
What we are seeing is that the price of electricity has risen 5 times more than other parts of the country
This is not our problem
You can see the same situation happening in Germany
Germany is the world leader in solar energy, wind power and other renewable energy technologies
After vigorously promoting renewable energy, their electricity prices increased by 50%
You might think about fighting climate change
We have to spend more on energy
I used to think so
But look at the French example
In terms of clean zero-emission power generation
France is twice Germany
But the electricity price is almost half of Germany
How is this done?
You may have guessed the answer
75% of France’s electricity comes from nuclear energy
Nuclear energy is much more reliable than renewable energy
And generate electricity 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
90% of the year is running
We see this phenomenon happening all over the world
for example
There is a 40-year natural experiment research
Compare the use of nuclear and solar energy
Shows that solar and wind power use a slightly higher cost than nuclear energy
But the power generation is only half of nuclear energy
This means how should we go on?
I think the most significant findings so far are:
If Germany had spent 580 billion dollars on nuclear energy development instead of renewable energy
Now they have 100% electricity and all transportation energy
Will be clean energy
You may ask a very reasonable question:
Is nuclear energy safe? How do you dispose of nuclear waste?
These are very reasonable questions
Here is the result of more than 40 years of scientific research
The latest study
Is carried out by the British authoritative medical journal "Needle"
They found that nuclear energy is the safest
It's not difficult to understand
World Health Organization
About 7 million people die from air pollution a year
Nuclear energy does not cause air pollution
Climate scientist James Hansen calculated
So far, nuclear energy has saved nearly two million lives
Even wind power is more deadly than nuclear power
In this picture are two maintenance workers in the Netherlands
Shortly after the picture was taken, one of them fell and died in order to avoid the fire
The other one was swallowed by the fire
What is the impact on the environment?
I think there is a very simple way to understand
Uranium is the energy source for nuclear power plants
Its energy density is very high
Uranium the size of this magic cube
To generate all the energy you need in your life
The conclusion is that a large amount of power generation does not require such a large area of ​​land
You can use the Ivanpa Solar Power Plant I just mentioned
Compare with California’s last nuclear power plant, the Deyabro Canyon Power Plant
In order to produce the same electricity
Solar power plants spend 450 times more land area than nuclear power plants
You need to add 17 solar power plants like Ivanpah
The power generation will be the same as the Deyablo Canyon Nuclear Power Plant
In addition, solar energy will reduce the reliability of power generation
What about raw material collection, scrap and material throughput?
This has also been fully studied
The results are
Solar panels require 17 times more materials than nuclear power plants
These materials include cement, glass, concrete, metal
All fuel required for nuclear power plants is also included
In the end, after the entire power generation process
Not much waste is produced by nuclear power
This room can accommodate all the waste produced by the Swiss nuclear power project
Nuclear waste is the only waste from nuclear power generation
It is safely preserved without additional social costs
Electricity generated by other means
The waste discharged into nature
These may be pollutants or solid waste
We thought solar power was clean
But the fact is that we have no plans
To dispose of waste solar panels after 20 or 25 years
Many experts are very worried that solar panels will be combined with electronic waste
Were shipped to poor African or Asian countries for dismantling
Staff will be exposed to a large number of hazardous toxic elements
Contains lead, cadmium and chromium
Because they are elements, toxicity will never degrade
I think we all know
Nuclear energy is really a very powerful energy source
The sun is scattered and weak
That's why we need such a large area
To collect sunlight and wind
In the latest new version of "Blade Runner" science fiction film
The opening is a gloomy post-apocalyptic scene
California's desert is completely covered by solar panels
No one will be surprised by this scene
I think that all this makes us want to ask a disturbing question:
To save the climate, do we have to destroy the environment?
Interestingly, the past few hundred years
Humans actually try to eliminate the so-called high material density fuel
While shifting to high energy density fuel
For example, switching from wood and animal dung to coal, oil, natural gas, and uranium
This is a phenomenon since ancient times
Some poor countries are gradually phasing out wood and dry manure fuel
Generally speaking, this is a good thing
When you stop using wood as a fuel source
The forest has the opportunity to re-grow wild animals to return to nature
When you stop burning wood at home
You don’t need to inhale these toxic gases
When you start to use coal, oil, natural gas and uranium as the main sources of energy
The potential opportunity to completely eliminate air pollution will appear
There is a problem with nuclear energy
Most people are happy to accept the conversion from polluting energy to clean energy
And conversion from low energy density to high energy density energy
Nuclear energy is very unpopular because of many historical factors
As a result, I and many people may have said it in the past
"To address climate change
All kinds of clean energy must come in handy. "
The problem is that this is not correct
remember? I mentioned France earlier
France uses nuclear energy to get most of its electricity
If France increases the scale of solar and wind power
They must drastically reduce the amount of nuclear power generated
The reason is that in order to make the grid able to cope with the solar and wind power generation with large variables
They need to use more natural gas
You have to think like this:
The power output of nuclear power plants is difficult to control at any time
But the management of the power grid is like controlling the size of the gas fire
Can be adjusted at any time
Oil and gas companies certainly understand this
We have all seen them invest millions of dollars in recent years to promote solar and wind power
This leads to another challenging problem:
Where a lot of nuclear energy is used
Nuclear and hydropower provide half of the grid’s electricity
If you are going to other renewable energy sources such as solar energy or wind power,
Will actually increase carbon emissions
I think the best way is to tell the truth
This is also what many scientists are doing
I mentioned earlier
Hundreds of thousands of birds die every year due to fans
What I didn’t mention is that at least one million bats are killed by fans every year
Many bat researchers have proposed such results
Especially this gray bat
It is a migratory bat
Because those wind turbines that are constantly expanding
Is facing a crisis of extinction
Not just wind, but also solar
Scientists who were involved in the construction of Ivanpa Solar Power Plant
And the people who prepared the site early
Some of them wrote:
"Everyone knows that it is impossible to find a new home for the desert tortoise
When you walk in front of the bulldozer
When crying and clearing the animals and cacti
You can hardly agree with this plan. "
And now we can see these phenomena all over the world
In my hometown california
We buried a lot of natural gas on the side of the mountain
To compensate for unstable solar and wind power
But an air leak happened
The leaked natural gas is equivalent to the exhaust gas emitted by 500,000 vehicles during their lifetime
Recently in Germany
Some protesters try to thwart new coal mining plans
This will destroy the ancient forest of Hambach
Just to get more coal mines
All this is to scrap nuclear and expand solar and wind power
The good news is
People still care about our natural environment and value these phenomena
Last year in South Korea
Civic jury to weigh the weight of these different issues
Considered for several months
They must decide whether to abolish nuclear
Still have to continue to use and expand the scale
At the beginning, 40% of them supported the expansion of nuclear energy
After several months of consideration and evaluation
60% of the votes of the final vote supporters
Just last week, the same phenomenon happened in Arizona
Voters referendum
To decide whether to continue to use nuclear energy
Or replace nuclear energy with natural gas and solar energy
The result refused to scrap the nuclear and won 70 to 30
And in Europe, we see the Netherlands as one of the first countries to act
They announced last week
To begin to increase the proportion of nuclear power generation
Because they realized they couldn’t get enough energy from solar and wind
To achieve the promised carbon reduction goal
We are more and more concerned about environmental issues like climate change
I would like to make human civilization and the natural environment coexist with renewable energy
It is a natural tendency to solve problems in this romantic way
But I think the facts are in front of me
Many people began to question past beliefs and changed their minds
For me, the question now is
Now that we know that renewable energy cannot save the planet
Should we continue to torture her like this?
Thank you
(applause)